README.md, before:

In short
========

This package provides tools to handle European VAT.

Warning
=======

This is a really early version with lots of unfinished things but it will become better soon. Feel free to do pull requests and other suggestions. I will listen!

validate-vat
============
First, it wraps around the validate-vat npm package and provides a nice wrapAsync'ed method that can be called from the client to check VAT numbers: https://github.com/viruschidai/validate-vat
Usage
-----

    Meteor.call("VAT.validateVIES",'xx',  'xxxxxxx',  function(err, validationInfo) {
        console.log(validationInfo);
    });

Returns
-------

when valid
    {
      countryCode: 'xx',
      vatNumber: 'xxxxxxxxx',
      requestDate: '2013-11-22+01:00',
      valid: true,
      name: 'company name',
      address: 'company address'
    }

when invalid
    {
      countryCode: 'xx',
      vatNumber: 'xxxxxxxxxx',
      requestDate: '2013-11-22+01:00',
      valid: false,
      name: '---',
      address: '---'
    }

possible error messages
      'The provided CountryCode is invalid or the VAT number is empty'
      'The VIES VAT service is unavailable, please try again later'
      'The VAT database of the requested member country is unavailable, please try again later'
      'The request to VAT database of the requested member country has timed out, please try again later'
      'The service cannot process your request, please try again later'
      'Unknown error'

Check https://github.com/viruschidai/validate-vat for more information

VAT rate finding
================

Second, on the server side, the package integrates (experimental, needs testing...) VAT-MOSS from https://github.com/wbond/vat-moss.js.

Unfortunately, due to my inability of understanding the way the package is written and mostly, how it's supposed to be included (looks like a npm package but not a published one so you need to have it locally...), I had to copy and manipulate the code directly.

Usage
-----
It is based on the usage from https://github.com/wbond/vat-moss.js but with VAT instead of vatMoss

     try {
        // Values from payment provider
        var countryCode = 'US';
        var postalCode = '01950';
        var city = 'Newburyport';

        var result = VAT.billingAddress.calculateRate(countryCode, postalCode, city);

        // Combine with other rate detection and then show user tax rate/amount

    } catch (e) {
        // VAT.errors.ValueError - One of the user input values is empty or not a string
    }



VAT rates
=========
Lastly, not yet working, this package should get current VAT rates from http://jsonvat.com/ and daily exchange rates from http://www.ecb.europa.eu/stats/eurofxref/eurofxref-daily.xml. Soon hopefully.
Should all that be split in multiple packages? ...

Commit message:

add documentation to deprecate package

README.md, after:

DEPRECATED: Things have changed and with npm included in meteor now, you don't need this packages. Also, if you were using this package, migration is relatively easy so do it now to avoid things breaking later.

# Use validate-vat directly from NPM
https://github.com/viruschidai/validate-vat
    npm install validate-vat

Then use this instead of "VAT.validateVIES": 
    import validate from 'validate-vat';
    validate(countryCode, vatNumber, callback)


# Use vat-moss directly from NPM (initially build for SaaS)
The Package has now been published on NPM when it used to be directly copied in this meteor packages. https://github.com/wbond/vat-moss.js
    npm install vat-moss

Then use this instead of "VAT.vatMoss"
  import vatMoss from 'vat-moss'

# Note on using rates from http://jsonvat.com/ built on https://github.com/adamcooke/vat-rates/issues
At the time of writing, the rates do not seem to have been updated since 2017-03 and some rates are now wrong. 
The vat-moss library above does include VAT rates and they seem to be ud-to-date at that time. Maybe this is enough

If you really need only the VAT rates without any other library, you could check this data instead: https://github.com/kdeldycke/vat-rates
The original and only true source is probably: http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/resources/documents/taxation/vat/how_vat_works/rates/vat_rates_en.pdf but it's not the most readable.

In short
========

This package provides tools to handle European VAT.

Warning
=======

This is a really early version with lots of unfinished things but it will become better soon. Feel free to do pull requests and other suggestions. I will listen!

validate-vat
============
First, it wraps around the validate-vat npm package and provides a nice wrapAsync'ed method that can be called from the client to check VAT numbers: https://github.com/viruschidai/validate-vat
Usage
-----

    Meteor.call("VAT.validateVIES",'xx',  'xxxxxxx',  function(err, validationInfo) {
        console.log(validationInfo);
    });

Returns
-------

when valid
    {
      countryCode: 'xx',
      vatNumber: 'xxxxxxxxx',
      requestDate: '2013-11-22+01:00',
      valid: true,
      name: 'company name',
      address: 'company address'
    }

when invalid
    {
      countryCode: 'xx',
      vatNumber: 'xxxxxxxxxx',
      requestDate: '2013-11-22+01:00',
      valid: false,
      name: '---',
      address: '---'
    }

possible error messages
      'The provided CountryCode is invalid or the VAT number is empty'
      'The VIES VAT service is unavailable, please try again later'
      'The VAT database of the requested member country is unavailable, please try again later'
      'The request to VAT database of the requested member country has timed out, please try again later'
      'The service cannot process your request, please try again later'
      'Unknown error'

Check https://github.com/viruschidai/validate-vat for more information

VAT rate finding
================

Second, on the server side, the package integrates (experimental, needs testing...) VAT-MOSS from https://github.com/wbond/vat-moss.js.

Unfortunately, due to my inability of understanding the way the package is written and mostly, how it's supposed to be included (looks like a npm package but not a published one so you need to have it locally...), I had to copy and manipulate the code directly.

Usage
-----
It is based on the usage from https://github.com/wbond/vat-moss.js but with VAT instead of vatMoss

     try {
        // Values from payment provider
        var countryCode = 'US';
        var postalCode = '01950';
        var city = 'Newburyport';

        var result = VAT.billingAddress.calculateRate(countryCode, postalCode, city);

        // Combine with other rate detection and then show user tax rate/amount

    } catch (e) {
        // VAT.errors.ValueError - One of the user input values is empty or not a string
    }



VAT rates
=========
Lastly, not yet working, this package should get current VAT rates from http://jsonvat.com/ and daily exchange rates from http://www.ecb.europa.eu/stats/eurofxref/eurofxref-daily.xml. Soon hopefully.
Should all that be split in multiple packages? ...
